*Global Markets.* European equities are broadly down while S&P future
is falling 0.4%. The Mexican peso is falling against the USD by
0.55%. Commodities: Oil is roughly flat and steel is up by 1.6%.

*Local News*. Politics comes to back to fore with a pretty full agenda
ahead of September 7th holiday. For one, the Upper House ought to approve the
provisional measure on the TPL, which is expected to take place on
this coming Tuesday. In the meantime, there is a growing anxiety that
the ousting Attorney General may finally release its second charge
against President Temer, pending only the approval by the Supreme
Court of the plea bargain by Mr. Furnaro, the former PMDB's financier. 

Against this background, the newspapers indicate that the Presidential
race is getting steam. On one hand, the O Estadao, published an
interviews with the Mayor of Sao Paulo City, where he made no effort
to deny his ambitions, stating that whoever will be leading the polls
should be PSDB's president. On the other one, according to O Valor,
Mr. Alckmin has stated his ready to step down on April in other to run
for President. As one may gather, both politicians are ready for the
fight.

Still on the political front, the media also resonates the sour
dispute between PMDB and DEM, also motivated by 2018 general
elections. At the end of the day, both parties are looking forward to
enlarging their Congress share in Congress and are thus disputing the
politicians from other parties, particularly from PSB. This is leaving
a few bruises opened, which may threaten the stability of Mr. Temer's
support.

Finally, on the economic front, the O Valor discusses Brazil's 2Q2017
GDP. Overall, the material therein looks more upbeat with regards to
activity outlook, particularly with regards to 2018.

*Agenda - Highlights*: _Brazil_: Market readout and IGD-DI of
August. July. _US_: Factory Orders, July.


#+LATEX:\rowcolors{2}{grey!15}{white}
#+LATEX:\vspace{-0.5cm}
#+INCLUDE: "agenda.org"

*Bottom Line*. Global markets starts off with negative mode, while
local news comes with mixed feelings. Overall, neutral for local
markets.

